the action
a review
a quest and I'm sorry I took forever
just to get this up remember one of my
responses to your comment was my voice
is bad it was really bad it was I
couldn't even talk but then I'm sorry I
really told forgot about even doing this
video and I'm truly sorry and I hope you
enjoyed this to do and I hope that's
really helpful okay so the poke ball put
one pillow money's a game for a popcorn
mini right there
and here's the back it's a basic it's
not even a real big boy I mean it's a
pinball game but it's not like double
flute one right in the middle all right
in the middle of the bottom if you see
it's right there and as all the regular
features the backup memory clock and
Rumble features and it is official
official Nintendo so it's not a fake
it's not a fake game they actually made
games like this in stores they do not
make these anymore it used to be I said
in my last video it was a Pokemon Center
store in New York it is now called and
then it's called Nintendo World store or
a Nintendo USA store and it does I don't
know I'm pretty sure they don't sell
these there anymore
okay so I think it's pretty hard to see
there's no real way too good to do this
but
and if you can't say really sorry I'll
try to explain it as we go like on the
video I go closer as you can see it goes
blurry so I'll try to keep it like right
there okay so this forward quest time
attack score for attack actually 3 modes
and options at the bottom of course is a
bunch of levels I'm pretty sure it says
on the box it says 1990 levels so
there's a lot of levels a gun through a
lot already I'm on the 40th level right
now and it's a lot of them the first
levels you know easy is somewhat summer
hard somewhere you know this game isn't
really a challenge you know it's not
like crisis or something like that but
you know it's a basic game you want to
play all boredom in line on the bus or
something that has like a worker now
it's really small so no matter all right
I'll just do I'll try doing number eight
all right
so this is where you pick which one you
want there's different types of flippers
I don't know what the call but they're
different Pokemon there's Pikachu think
really big looks the first starting one
and I don't want to say the rest because
it'll get all spoilers unless you wanna
see spoilers but you might want to do a
different video destroyers okay it
sounds to do it for this one it looks
like you have to get all nine and when
you get one in it closes up so it's a
really easy level but you have to also
have a time limit you have to get it in
a certain amount of time like I said
it's not a very extremely challenging
game but yeah it's something that just
you know well you're really bored or
something but yeah it's worth it I got
mine for about five bucks
remember I was like I might so get this
looks very fun you only use this the C
button on the right right here these two
holes are hard ones
there we go
there we go so all right completely
obviously that was called easy bubbles
it does get harder when you go on and
I'll go on down this quest I'll go on
easier most let's go on a Time Attack so
these you have to there's only ten
levels and you have to beat it within
the time limit and that's you know it's
pretty simple I mean like basic score
track you have to get a certain amount
of points and you know be you record
keep being it now stuff like that wait
Emma wasn't this one too so a quest is
the big one almost 90 level so that's a
lot of levels to be and that's basically
it I hope this helped you in any way
I'll show you the Box one more time I
hope this helped you and I hope you you
should definitely get this game buy it I
do advise it it's a very fun game I bet
I can find it the others I don't know
they need cards or what I think it's
called something with cards for the
Pokemon mini I don't know I ever found
it or anything the only one I found was
like a Japanese one and so this is one
of the easy ones to find eat this easier
easy finding final on eBay or something
I don't know if they're on Amazon or not
I got this off eBay both of these off
eBay or no this off TV and this was from
the Pokemon Center calm it will doesn't
exist anymore pretty sure they got sued
or something something happened they
couldn't keep that website anymore so I
hope this helped and thanks for watching